News drafts — lectures, website (2026-06-14 → 2026-06-21) (#223)
QuantEcon/website: _posts/2026-06-21-website.md

---
layout: post
title: "Website update — June 14–21, 2026"
author: QuantEcon
excerpt: "Updates to the QuantEcon website."
tag: [website]
---

> - 🏠 **[quantecon.org](https://quantecon.org/)** — Added inline news tag pills for website and software content to improve categorization and visual organization on quantecon.org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🏠 **[quantecon.org](https://quantecon.org/)** — Added inline news tags for website and software content to improve categorization and visual organization on quantecon.org.
```

>   - [news tag pills for website/software, placed inline with title](https://github.com/QuantEcon/website/pull/220)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [news tags for website/software, placed inline with title](https://github.com/QuantEcon/website/pull/220)
```
